Our portfolio service needs to make a REST call to the new pricing
service to retrieve the latest prices for cryptocurrencies in
order to calculate the portfolio value.
Since we won't be forwarding the access token to the
pricing service for authorization,
the portfolio service will need to source a new token from
Keycloak using the client credentials grant.
In the Keycloak admin console, we need a new client.
Let's call it portfolio-service.
Confidential as we need a client secret, and Service Accounts enabled ON.
Everything OFF.
Service Accounts ON enables the client credentials flow.
Okay, that's it. Next, let's configure our portfolio service as a client to use this token.